Docs/ycql deferred index (#20523)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/api/ycql/ddl_create_index.md

- A unique index disallows duplicate values from being inserted into the indexed columns. It can be used to ensure uniqueness of index column values.

### DEFERRED INDEX

> Currently, an "index backfill" job is launched for each index that is created. For the case where you create a table and add multiple indexes, the main table needs to be scanned multiple times to populate each index. This is unnecessary, and can also causes issues with the single touch and multi touch block cache algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, an "index backfill" job is launched for each index that is created. For the case where you create a table and add multiple indexes, the main table needs to be scanned multiple times to populate each index. This is unnecessary, and can also cause issues with the single touch and multi touch block cache algorithm.
```

> After creating a set of indexes with their backfill deferred, you can then trigger a backfill job for the entire batch of indexes (on the same table) by either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creating a set of indexes with their backfill deferred, you can then trigger a backfill job for the entire batch of indexes (on the same table) in one of the following ways:
```

> 1. Creating a new index, that is not deferred:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a new index that is not deferred:

```

>     ```cassandraql

Reviewer: cassandraql doesn't appear to be recognized; use cql

Author: Added in https://github.com/yugabyte/yugabyte-db/pull/20523/commits/27c84ea71753d490304a76640e9aba1e268afbca

> 1. Creating a new index, that is not deferred:

Reviewer 2: not deferred? should this be deferred?

    CREATE DEFERRED INDEX idx_1 on table_name(col_1);        // No backfill launched.
    CREATE DEFERRED INDEX idx_2 on table_name(col_2);        // No backfill launched.
    CREATE DEFERRED INDEX idx_9 on table_name(col_9);        // No backfill launched.
    
    
    // To launch backfill ...
    CREATE INDEX idx_10 on table_name(col_10);   // Will launch backfill for idx_10 and             
                                                        // all deferred indexes idx_1 .. idx_9 
                                                        // on the same table viz: table_name.
    ```

> 1. Use `yb-admin` to launch backfill for deferred indexes on the table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Use yb-admin to launch backfill for deferred indexes on the table.

```

    ```cassandraql
    CREATE DEFERRED INDEX idx_1 on table_name(col_1);        // No backfill launched.
    CREATE DEFERRED INDEX idx_2 on table_name(col_2);        // No backfill launched.
        ...
    CREATE DEFERRED INDEX idx_9 on table_name(col_9);        // No backfill launched.
    CREATE DEFERRED INDEX idx_10 on table_name(col_10);      // No backfill launched.
    ```

>     Then launch a backfill job for backfilling all the deferred indexes as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Launch a backfill job for backfilling all the deferred indexes using the `backfill_indexes_for_table` command as follows:

```

    ```bash
    bin/yb-admin -master_addresses <ip:port> backfill_indexes_for_table ycql.ybdemo table_name
    ```

> 1. Use [`--defer_index_backfill` flag](../../../reference/configuration/yb-master#defer-index-backfill) in yb-master service to force all indexes to be DEFERRED and run `yb-admin backfill_indexes_for_table` to backfill indexes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the [`--defer_index_backfill`](../../../reference/configuration/yb-master#defer-index-backfill) YB-Master flag to force all indexes to be DEFERRED, and run `yb-admin backfill_indexes_for_table` to backfill indexes.
```

- A unique index disallows duplicate values from being inserted into the indexed columns. It can be used to ensure uniqueness of index column values.

### DEFERRED INDEX

> Currently, an "index backfill" job is launched for each index that is created. For the case where a user creates a table, and adds multiple indexes, this means that the main table will have to be scanned multiple times to populate each index. This is unnecessary, and can also causes issues with the single touch & multi touch block cache algorithm.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Currently, an "index backfill" job is launched for each index that is created. For the case where you create a table and add multiple indexes, the main table needs to be scanned multiple times to populate each index. This is unnecessary, and can also causes issues with the single touch and multi touch block cache algorithm.
```

> After creating a set of indexes with their backfill deferred, the user can then trigger a backfill job for the entire batch of indexes (on the same table) by either:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After creating a set of indexes with their backfill deferred, you can then trigger a backfill job for the entire batch of indexes (on the same table) by either:
```

1. Creating a new index, that is not deferred:

> ```cassandraql

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

    ```cassandraql
```

Reviewer 3: can you indent the code block after each bullet point by 4 spaces as suggested ?

Author: https://github.com/yugabyte/yugabyte-db/pull/20523/commits/c10827917b1c7eaeb133ef8ed977f0183e3f026e

> CREATE DEFERRED INDEX idx_1 on table_name(col_1);        // No backfill launched.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    CREATE DEFERRED INDEX idx_1 on 
    table_name(col_1);        // No backfill launched.
```

Author: https://github.com/yugabyte/yugabyte-db/pull/20523/commits/c10827917b1c7eaeb133ef8ed977f0183e3f026e

CREATE DEFERRED INDEX idx_2 on table_name(col_2);        // No backfill launched.
CREATE DEFERRED INDEX idx_9 on table_name(col_9);        // No backfill launched.

// To launch backfill ...
CREATE INDEX idx_10 on table_name(col_10);   // Will launch backfill for idx_10 and             
                                                    // all deferred indexes idx_1 .. idx_9 
                                                    // on the same table viz: table_name.
```

> 2. Use `yb-admin` to launch backfill for deferred indexes on the table:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Use `yb-admin` to launch backfill for deferred indexes on the table:
```

```cassandraql
CREATE DEFERRED INDEX idx_1 on table_name(col_1);        // No backfill launched.
CREATE DEFERRED INDEX idx_2 on table_name(col_2);        // No backfill launched.
    ...
CREATE DEFERRED INDEX idx_9 on table_name(col_9);        // No backfill launched.
CREATE DEFERRED INDEX idx_10 on table_name(col_10);      // No backfill launched.

```

Then launch a backfill job for backfilling all the deferred indexes as:
```bash
bin/yb-admin -master_addresses <ip:port> backfill_indexes_for_table ycql.ybdemo table_name
```

> 3. Use [`--defer_index_backfill` flag](../../../reference/configuration/yb-master#defer-index-backfill) in yb-master service to force all indexes to be DEFERRED and run `yb-admin backfill_indexes_for_table` to backfill indexes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Use [`--defer_index_backfill` flag](../../../reference/configuration/yb-master#defer-index-backfill) in yb-master service to force all indexes to be DEFERRED and run `yb-admin backfill_indexes_for_table` to backfill indexes.
```
